Add README for github workflows directory (#739)
AlexsLemonade/OpenScPCA-analysis: .github/workflows/README.md

This directory contains GitHub Actions (GHA) yaml files as well as helper files they use.

## Building and pushing Docker images

* Each workflow `docker_{module name}.yml` is used to build the given module's Docker image.
* `docker_all-modules.yml` builds and pushes all module Docker images by calling each `docker_{module name}.yml` workflow.

> * The `build-push-docker-module.yml` workflow is not standlone but contains actions used by `docker_all-modules.yml` and each `docker_{module name}.yml`.

Reviewer: Start with the positive!
```suggestion
* The `build-push-docker-module.yml` workflow contains actions used by `docker_all-modules.yml` and each `docker_{module name}.yml`. It is not meant to be run as a standalone action.
```

## Module testing

* Each workflow `run_{module name}.yml` is used to run the given module in CI using the test data.

> * `run_all-modules.yml` runs all modules in CI by calling each `run_{module name}.yml` workflow.

Reviewer: I would put this first, as we want to do this for all modules, but Docker comes later.
